Release 0.3.2 (#259)
tower-rs/tower-http: tower-http/CHANGELOG.md

- None.

## Fixed

- None.

# 0.3.2 (April 29, 2022)

## Fixed

> - **serve_dir**: Properly clone the request for `ServeDir`'s fallback ([#258])

Reviewer: I think it would be good to highlight what this means for users rather than what was done internally. Something like

```suggestion
- **serve_dir**: Fix empty request parts being passed to `ServeDir`'s fallback instead of the actual ones ([#258])
```

Author: I agree!
